hey guys the Bears fan Oh 62 for you
brave frontier um so let me see if the
news is up tonight yet so if you watch
the previous summon video for the raga
batch eight out of 10 doors were
prismatic crazy um it has tempted me to
go at it again so we're gonna try
another five it's prismatic ish like
it's starting off then i'll do another
five so i haven't done anything with the
fighters that I've gotten before to got
to over now so let's see please better
type anima yes Hanuma is worth it all
right um I want the dragon to I want to
miss break her though let's see so for
like I think most the gold have been
breaking away to read and most the Reds
broke boy to uh Priscilla broke away to
gold anima are broke way to prismatic I
mean I think I'm obligated now due to
ten just because I got animal riz take
it Circle guardian I don't always get
his guardian and so many as guardian
prismatic we started off fantastic um
still happy with it so Logan breaker
Logan you guys remember my breaker Logan
squad fantastic prismatic how come on
brah you got me so good the first video
which I'm still happy with had Iran keep
him you never know what a seven star
will be obviously already have one ready
though all right well we're failing on
the prismatic right now so um she does
get a seven star though Kootra that five
so
got a free you too gross that was more
than five there's only four more all
right I'm definitely done after this I
promise I'm not going anymore and then
I'm gonna have to decide what I want to
do with that rock or not if I want to
implement go forward force on them or
what really really come on prismatic
yeah we did so good first video
fantastic second video still fantastic
cuz i got an animare is so we actually
gotten two out of the three new ones for
this one but we got most we got a mall
last video too she was a repeat
technically all right last one hundred
percent done yes breaker dragon raga Oh
her vest yes no forget about it I'm no
good so just get away from me please
please please please um I think I'll
take a guardian nervous just because of
the changes here and just because of who
she is let's look her up real quick
I've wrists actually it's I verse to get
some more pronounced like that something
like that so guardian yeah I mean you
lose the HP use quite a bit it's like
900 but I ever gonna get when I don't
know but uh yeah I'll take it free one
soul bond dang it all right I'm
definitely done that was enough for me
you could've gave me a kid Cory that
have been nice so I got three new units
out of 20 summons technically for one
repeat
alright guys that's it don't forget to
Like subscribe paper and cheer mole see
you guys later